wifi: Add storing of FW patching in external flash #1125 (#13093)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/device_guides/working_with_nrf/nrf70/developing/fw_patches_ext_flash.rst

.. _ug_nrf70_developing_fw_patch_ext_flash:

> Firmware patches in the external flash

Author: This doc is for both relocation and storage, both are separate features.

> Firmware patches in the external flash

Reviewer: Resolved offline. Suggest "nRF70 Series firmware image patch in external memory"

######################################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

Overview
********

> The nRF70 Series firmware patch is memory intensive and is by default part of the internal flash.

Reviewer: Let's reword this part, for better conveying the message:
Proposal (along these lines):

"By default the nRF70 Series FW image patch is built as part of the nRF Wi-Fi host driver code, residing in on-chip non-volatile memory"

> The nRF70 Series firmware patch is memory intensive and is by default part of the internal flash. In order to save flash memory for resource constrained hosts,

Reviewer 2: I believe the convention is to write a single sentence per line in RST files.

> In order to save flash memory for resource constrained hosts, the nRF70 Series offers a feature to move firmware patches to the external flash, if the external flash is available.

Reviewer: Suggestion for a more generic wording:

"The firmware patch includes code that is executed on the nRF70 Series device. The size of the firmware patch may be considerably large and limits the amount of on-chip code memory available for the user application; in order to increase the amount of on-chip non-volatile memory available for user applications, the nRF70 Series Wi-Fi driver supports the option of relocating the device FW patch to external non-volatile memory, in case that is available.

Pre-requisites
--------------

> The following conditions must be met to use this feature:

Reviewer: The FW patch relocation feature

> - The external flash must be available and configured in the device tree.

Reviewer: Can you specify whether you are referring to the external flash device definition, enabling, or to the external flash map? Confusing a bit what this "configured" means here :)

> - The external flash must be available and configured in the device tree.

Reviewer: Also a comment to consider throughout the whole guide. When possible, use "external memory" or "external NVM" instead of flash.

> - The external flash must be available and configured in the device tree.

Author: > Can you specify whether you are referring to the external flash device definition, enabling, or to the external flash map? Confusing a bit what this "configured" means here :)

I was intentionally vague, `configured` is  generic, if you see in below section, we describe specific requirements e.g., `nrf70_fw_partition`.

> - The external flash must be large enough to store the firmware patches, maximum size is 128 KB.

Reviewer: I think we do not need to refer to a maximum size like this. Let's just do the following
- mention the nRF70 Series max patch size (possibly share a link to where this is defined, e.g in the PS or wherever we give the value)
- mention that the external memory must be sufficiently large to accommodate the maximum patch size, taking into consideration also the patch upgrade requirement, e.g. DFU

> - The external flash must be large enough to store the firmware patches, maximum size is 128 KB.

Author: > mention the nRF70 Series max patch size (possibly share a link to where this is defined, e.g in the PS or wherever we give the value)

It is not mentioned anywhere, so, no link. I will just go with mentioning the max size separately after your second comment.

Constraints
-----------

> The following constraints apply to this feature:

Reviewer: I think the Constraints section could be better named "Limitations". Also, better if hey could be converted to notes.

> The following constraints apply to this feature:

Author: Wouldn't that be too many notes?

> The following constraints apply to this feature:

Reviewer 3: Yes, it would be better if it is converted into a note to prevent the redundancy.
 
Perhaps?

"Currently, in Nordic Semiconductor SoCs, access to external memory and the Execute in Place (XIP) feature are available through the QSPI interface only."

> - Access to the external flash is only supported via the QSPI interface for now.

Reviewer: Is this accurate? Can't we have external memory connected to regular SPI in nRF5xxx host platforms?

Author: Not really sure, haven't tried using SPI to access external memory.

Author: Resolving as testing scope is also limited to QSPI, we can revisit SPI later.

- In nRF SoC's XIP feature is only available via the QSPI interface only.

Supported platforms
-------------------

> The following platforms are supported:

Reviewer: nRF70 Series FW patch relocation is currently supported on the following SoCs and reference platforms
- nRF5340 SoC and nRF5340 DK
- nRF52840 SoC and nRF52840 DK

- nRF5340 SoC or DK
- nRF52840 SoC or DK

> 

Reviewer 4: I suggest that we mention that the 7002 EK is needed as well here.
For example: 
```suggestion
* The nRF52840 SoC or nRF5340 SoC must be connected to a nRF7002 SoC over SPI, for example using a nRF7002 EK.

```

Author: > * nRF5340 SoC or DK with nRF7002 EK as a shield
> * nRF52840 SoC or DK with nRF7002 EK as a shield

Modified like this.

> .. note:: Due to constraints mentioned above, the nRF7002 SoC or DK is not supported as it needs access to external flash via the SPI interface.

Reviewer 4: What do we mean about the nRF7002 SoC is not supported? This is a wifi feature, so I assume that it works for the nRF7002 SoC, but on an EK. Therefore it should probably just say "the nRF7002DK is not supported" rather than  mentioning the SoC itself?

> .. note:: Due to constraints mentioned above, the nRF7002 SoC or DK is not supported as it needs access to external flash via the SPI interface.

Reviewer 4: Also, we say "it needs access to external flash via the SPI interface". But the nRF7002DK is connected to the external flash via SPI, and to the nRF7002 via QSPI.
Do we mean this instead:
```suggestion
.. note:: Due to constraints mentioned above, the nRF7002 SoC or DK is not supported as it needs access to external flash via the QSPI interface.
```

> .. note:: Due to constraints mentioned above, the nRF7002 SoC or DK is not supported as it needs access to external flash via the SPI interface.

Author: The constraint above says `Access to the external flash is only supported through the QSPI interface.`, so, I was referring `nrf7002 external flash access is via SPI, hence not supported`.

> Details

Reviewer: Yes, I think this should be named "Using the FW patch relocation feature" or similar.

Then, I would also like us to start by listing the main configuration options
- Builtin
- XIP
- non-XIP
and a brief sentence for each - what they mean...

> Details

Reviewer 3: Yes, the suggested title sounds better.

*******

There are two ways to move the firmware patch to the external flash:

* XIP Supported external flash
* non-XIP Supported external flash

XIP Supported external flash
----------------------------

> If the external flash supports XIP, then the firmware patch can be relocated to the external flash and executed from there.

Reviewer 4: You can choose to not use XIP even if the external flash supports XIP. I suggest that we use "application" instead
```suggestion
If the application supports XIP from external flash, then the firmware patch can be relocated to the external flash and executed from there.
```

To enable this feature, set the following configuration option: :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_WIFI_PATCHES_EXT_FLASH_XIP=y`.
Once the build is complete, the feature can be verified by checking the memory regions summary in the build output.
A new memory region called ``EXTFLASH`` is added to the memory regions summary, and the firmware patch is placed in this region.

> And the ``FLASH`` region size is reduced by the size of the firmware patch.

Reviewer 2: "used size", not "region size", right?

A sample memory regions summary is shown below:

.. code-block:: console

  Memory region         Used Size  Region Size  %age Used
        EXTFLASH:       64544 B         8 MB      0.77%
           FLASH:      618752 B         1 MB     59.01%
             RAM:      170636 B       448 KB     37.20%
        IDT_LIST:          0 GB         2 KB      0.00%

.. note:: Depending on XIP implementation, this can cause a performance impact in both time and power.

non-XIP Supported external flash
--------------------------------

> If the external flash does not support XIP, then the firmware patch has to be copied to the internal flash before execution.

Reviewer 4: You can choose to not use XIP even if the external flash supports XIP. I suggest that we use "application" instead
```suggestion
If the application does not support XIP from external flash, then the firmware patch has to be copied to the internal flash before execution.
```

.. _ug_nrf70_developing_fw_patch_ext_flash:

Firmware patches in the external memory
#######################################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

This guide explains how you can use the nRF70 Series firmware patches in the external memory feature.

Overview
********

By default the nRF70 Series firmware patches are built as part of the nRF Wi-Fi host driver code, residing in on-chip memory.
The firmware patches include code that is executed on the nRF70 Series device.
The size of the firmware patches may be considerably large, which limits the amount of on-chip code memory available for the user application.
In order to increase the amount of on-chip memory available for user applications, the nRF70 Series Wi-Fi driver supports the option of using external memory, if that is available.

Prerequisites
=============

Before using this feature, make sure that the following prerequisites are completed:

 * The external memory must be available and configured in the devicetree.
 * The external memory must be large enough to store the firmware patches, taking into consideration also the patch upgrade requirement, for example, Device Firmware Update (DFU).

>    The maximum size of all the firmware patches combined is 128 KB.

Author: Do we need to keep prefixing `nRF70 Series` everywhere?  Entire page is under `nRF70`.

>    The maximum size of all the firmware patches combined is 128 KB.

Reviewer: This is very early in the Guide, and it is good to clarify that we are talking about the firmware that runs  on the nRf70 Series device (so not to be confused with the firmware on the host platform). No, we do not need to prefix everything with nRF70 Series - only where there is a risk of confusion.

nRF70 Series is a tricky case. That is because while it is a proper, formal, Nordic Series of devices, it does not work "standalone" :)

>    The maximum size of all the firmware patches combined is 128 KB.

Author: * Develeoping with nRF70 Series
   - Firmware patches in external memory
      - firmware patch

Based on above heirarchy, IMHO it should be evident :), but I can add if you feel repeating helps.

.. note::
    Currently, in Nordic Semiconductor SoCs, access to external memory and the Execute in Place (XIP) feature are available through the QSPI interface only.

> Supported platforms

Author: Again this is a sub-heading under `Firmware patches in the external memory`, so, I don't think we need to keep mentioning the entire feature name everywhere.

> Supported platforms

Reviewer: OK

===================

The following platforms are supported:

* nRF5340 SoC or nRF5340 DK with nRF7002 EK as a shield
* nRF52840 SoC or nRF52840 DK with nRF7002 EK as a shield

.. note::
    Due to limitations mentioned above, the nRF7002 DK is not supported as it needs access to external memory through the SPI interface.

Available options
*****************

There are two ways to use the firmware patches in the external memory feature:

> * XIP supported external memory

Reviewer 5: "XIP supported" sounds weird. I think it would be better to use something like "using XIP access" and "using QSPI transfers to RAM" or "There are two options [..] that can be used, depending on whether XIP access is available or not".

* Non-XIP supported external memory

XIP supported external memory
=============================

If the application supports XIP from external memory, then the firmware patches can be loaded as part of the nRF Wi-Fi driver code and then relocated to the external memory and executed from there.

> To enable this feature, set the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_WIFI_PATCHES_EXT_FLASH_XIP` kconfig option to ``y``.

Reviewer: Here I would propose to be a bit more verbose:
```suggestion
To enable this feature, set the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_WIFI_PATCHES_EXT_FLASH_XIP` kconfig option to ``y`` when building the Wi-Fi application firmware for one of the supported platforms.
```

Reviewer: No strong opinion - you can leave as is

Once the build is complete, the feature can be verified by checking the memory regions summary in the build output.
A new memory region called ``EXTFLASH`` is added to the memory regions summary, and the firmware patches are placed in this region.
The size of the ``FLASH`` used is reduced by the size of the firmware patches.

A sample memory regions summary is shown below:

.. code-block:: console

  Memory region         Used Size  Region Size  %age Used
        EXTFLASH:       64544 B         8 MB      0.77%
           FLASH:      618752 B         1 MB     59.01%
             RAM:      170636 B       448 KB     37.20%
        IDT_LIST:          0 GB         2 KB      0.00%

.. note::

>     Depending on XIP implementation, this can cause a performance impact in both time and power.

Reviewer: While this is correct, I would prefer this being a separate section, where we can also discuss best practices. For example, we can mention the overheads
- firmware upload time
- XIP flash energy overhead
and discuss what the recommended practice is. Somewhere we need to tell the users that they need to enable and disable the XIP after the patch upload is complete...

Author: We don't have those profiling numbers in hand, we need to schedule a task to collect these (and figure out how to). IMHO, we should start with a generic note and once we have specific benchmarks we can move this to a separate section.

Reviewer: I meant, the note could be moved out of this section, and put into a separate "Notes" or "Best practices" section where we could - in the future - add more context. I think the note here is not helping much the reader, unless we give them more context...

non-XIP Supported external memory
=================================

> If the application does not support XIP from external memory, then the firmware patches have to be copied to the internal flash and downloaded to the nRF70 device.

Reviewer: @krish2718  is this "internal flash" or "internal ram" here? I assume the second, hence a proposal below:

```suggestion
The nRF Wi-Fi driver supports the option for offloading the nRF70 firmware patch to external non-XIP memory. In this case the upload of the firmware patch from the external memory to the nRF70 device happens in two stages: first the firmware patch is loaded from the external memory onto internal RAM and then it is uploaded to the nRF70 device.
```

> This feature can eb enabled using Zephyr's configuration :ref:`snippets` feature.

Reviewer: can be enabled

Configuration
-------------

The following configuration options are available:

> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_WIFI_PATCHES_EXT_FLASH_STORE`: Enables the feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_WIFI_PATCHES_EXT_FLASH_STORE`: Enables the option to store the firmware patch in external non-XIP memory.
```

Author: Like above comments, I am not a fan of repeating the heading everywhere within the same section.

Reviewer: It's not a "feature", it is an "option" as the definition suggests, and then I thought of being a bit more verbose.

> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_WIFI_FW_FLASH_CHUNK_SIZE`: Defines the size of the chunks used to write the firmware patches to the external memory.

Reviewer: Is this "write-to" or "read from", as well?

  The default value is 8192 bytes.

> * ``nrf70_fw_partition`` : Defines the name of the external memory partition that stores the firmware patches.

Reviewer: MAybe add a more direct guideline, sayng that the user must have configure a DTS partiion that instructs the Wi-Fi driver on how to access the patch.

.. _ug_nrf70_developing_fw_patch_ext_flash:

Firmware patches in the external memory
#######################################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

This guide explains how developers can make use of the nRF70 Series firmware patches in the external memory feature.

Overview
********

By default the nRF70 Series firmware patches are built as part of the nRF Wi-Fi host driver code, residing in on-chip memory.
The firmware patches include code that is executed on the nRF70 Series device.
The size of the firmware patches may be considerably large and limits the amount of on-chip code memory available for the user application.
In order to increase the amount of on-chip memory available for user applications, the nRF70 Series Wi-Fi driver supports the option of using external memory, in case that is available.

Pre-requisites
==============

Before using this feature, make sure that the following prerequisites are completed:

 * The external memory must be available and configured in the devicetree.

>  * The external memory must be large enough to store the firmware patches, taking into consideration also the patch upgrade requirement, e.g. DFU.
> 
>     - The maximum size of all the firmware patches combined is 128 KB.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 * The external memory must be large enough to store the firmware patches, taking into consideration the patch upgrade requirement, for example, Device Firmware Update (DFU).
    The maximum size of all the firmware patches combined is 128 KB.
```

> Limitations
> ===========
> 
> Currently, the following limitations apply to this feature:
> 
> * In Nordic Semiconductor SoCs, access to the external memory is only supported through the QSPI interface.
> * In Nordic Semiconductor SoCs, Execute in place (XIP) feature is only available through the QSPI interface.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. note::
   Currently, in Nordic Semiconductor SoCs, access to external memory and the Execute in Place (XIP) feature are available through the QSPI interface only.
```

Supported platforms
===================

The following platforms are supported:

* nRF5340 SoC or nRF5340 DK with nRF7002 EK as a shield
* nRF52840 SoC or nRF52840 DK with nRF7002 EK as a shield

.. note::

>     Due to limitations mentioned above, the nRF7002 DK is not supported as it needs access to external memory via the SPI interface.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    Due to limitations mentioned above, the nRF7002 DK is not supported as it needs access to external memory through the SPI interface.
```

Available options
*****************

There are two ways to use the firmware patches in the external memory feature:

* XIP supported external memory
* Non-XIP supported external memory

XIP supported external memory

> =============================

Reviewer 3: Blank line after line 59.
```suggestion
=============================

```

If the application supports XIP from external memory, then the firmware patches can be loaded as part of the nRF Wi-Fi driver code and then relocated to the external memory and executed from there.

> To enable this feature, set the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_WIFI_PATCHES_EXT_FLASH_XIP` kconfig option to `y`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To enable this feature, set the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_WIFI_PATCHES_EXT_FLASH_XIP` kconfig option to ``y``.
```

Once the build is complete, the feature can be verified by checking the memory regions summary in the build output.
A new memory region called ``EXTFLASH`` is added to the memory regions summary, and the firmware patches are placed in this region.
The size of the ``FLASH`` used is reduced by the size of the firmware patches.

A sample memory regions summary is shown below:

.. code-block:: console

  Memory region         Used Size  Region Size  %age Used
        EXTFLASH:       64544 B         8 MB      0.77%
           FLASH:      618752 B         1 MB     59.01%
             RAM:      170636 B       448 KB     37.20%
        IDT_LIST:          0 GB         2 KB      0.00%

.. note::
    Depending on XIP implementation, this can cause a performance impact in both time and power.

non-XIP Supported external memory

> =================================

Reviewer 3: Blank line after line 80.
```suggestion
=================================

```

If the application does not support XIP from external memory, then the firmware patches have to be copied to the internal flash before execution.
This feature can eb enabled using Zephyr's configuration :ref:`snippets` feature.

Configuration
-------------

The following configuration options are available:

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_WIFI_PATCHES_EXT_FLASH_STORE`: Enables the feature.

> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_WIFI_FW_FLASH_CHUNK_SIZE`: Defines the size of the chunks used to write the firmware patches to the external memory.
> 
>     - The default value is 8192 bytes.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_WIFI_FW_FLASH_CHUNK_SIZE`: Defines the size of the chunks used to write the firmware patches to the external memory.
  The default value is 8192 bytes.
```

> * ``nrf70_fw_partition`` : Defines the name of the external memory partition that stores the firmware patches.
> 
>     - This is configurable in the device tree.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* ``nrf70_fw_partition`` : Defines the name of the external memory partition that stores the firmware patches.
   This is configurable in the device tree.
```

Building
--------

See :ref:`nrf7002dk_nrf5340` for general instructions on building.

Additionally, you must enable the `nrf70-fw-patch-ext-flash` snippet.

> For example, to build the :ref:`wifi_shell_sample` for the nRF5340 DK with the ``nrf70-fw-patch-ext-flash`` snippet enabled, run the following command:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For example, to build the :ref:`wifi_shell_sample` sample for the nRF5340 DK with the ``nrf70-fw-patch-ext-flash`` snippet enabled, run the following commands:
```

With west
^^^^^^^^^

.. code-block:: console

    west build -p -b nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpuapp -S nrf70-fw-patch-ext-flash samples/wifi/shell -- -DSHIELD=nrf7002ek

With CMake
^^^^^^^^^^

.. code-block:: console

    cmake -GNinja -Bbuild -DBOARD=nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpuapp -DSHIELD=nrf7002ek -DSNIPPET=nrf70-fw-patch-ext-flash samples/wifi/shell
    ninja -C build

Programming
-----------

To program the firmware image with the firmware patches stored in the external memory, use the following commands:

With west
^^^^^^^^^

No changes are needed to the programming command:

.. code-block:: console

    west flash

With other tools
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> You must use the :file:`merged.hex` file instead of :file:`zephyr.hex` file choose the program image explicitly.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You must use the :file:`merged.hex` file instead of the :file:`zephyr.hex` file to choose the program image explicitly.
```

In order to increase the amount of on-chip memory available for user applications, the nRF70 Series Wi-Fi driver supports the option of using external memory, if that is available.

Prerequisites
=============

Before using this feature, make sure that the following prerequisites are completed:

 * The external memory must be available and configured in the devicetree.
 * The external memory must be large enough to store the firmware patches, taking into consideration also the patch upgrade requirement, for example, Device Firmware Update (DFU).
   The maximum size of all the firmware patches combined is 128 KB.

.. note::
    Currently, in Nordic Semiconductor SoCs, access to external memory and the Execute in Place (XIP) feature are available through the QSPI interface only.

Supported platforms
===================

The following platforms are supported:

* nRF5340 DK with nRF7002 EK as a shield
* nRF52840 DK with nRF7002 EK as a shield

.. note::
    Due to limitations mentioned above, the nRF7002 DK is not supported as it needs access to external memory through the SPI interface.

Available options
*****************

> There are  supported options for offloading the firmware patches in the external memory feature:

Reviewer 5: I guess it was supposed to be "There are *two* supported options ..."

        EXTFLASH:       64544 B         8 MB      0.77%
           FLASH:      618752 B         1 MB     59.01%
             RAM:      170636 B       448 KB     37.20%
        IDT_LIST:          0 GB         2 KB      0.00%

non-XIP Supported external memory
=================================

The nRF Wi-Fi driver supports the option for offloading the nRF70 firmware patch to external non-XIP memory.
In this case the upload of the firmware patch from the external memory to the nRF70 device happens in two stages:

* first the firmware patch is loaded from the external memory onto internal RAM and
* then it is uploaded to the nRF70 device.

This feature can be enabled using DTS or :ref::`snippets` feature or by using :ref::`partition_manager`.

Configuration
-------------

The following configuration options are available:

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_WIFI_PATCHES_EXT_FLASH_STORE`: Enables the option to store the firmware patch in external non-XIP memory.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_WIFI_FW_FLASH_CHUNK_SIZE`: Defines the size of the chunks used to read the firmware patches from the external non-XIP memory.
  The default value is 8192 bytes.

> One of the following options must be enabled:

Author: I will link PM and add a snippet below.

    west build -p -b nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpuapp -S nrf70-fw-patch-ext-flash samples/wifi/shell -- -DSHIELD=nrf7002ek

With CMake
^^^^^^^^^^

.. code-block:: console

    cmake -GNinja -Bbuild -DBOARD=nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpuapp -DSHIELD=nrf7002ek -DSNIPPET=nrf70-fw-patch-ext-flash samples/wifi/shell
    ninja -C build

For example, to build the :ref:`wifi_shell_sample` sample for the nRF5340 DK with the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PARTITION_MANAGER_ENABLED` option enabled, run the following commands:

With west
^^^^^^^^^

.. code-block:: console

    west build -p -b nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpuapp samples/wifi/shell -- -DSHIELD=nrf7002ek -DCONFIG_PARTITION_MANAGER_ENABLED=y -DCONFIG_NRF_WIFI_PATCHES_EXT_FLASH_STORE=y

With CMake
^^^^^^^^^^

.. code-block:: console

    cmake -GNinja -Bbuild -DBOARD=nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpuapp -DSHIELD=nrf7002ek -DCONFIG_PARTITION_MANAGER_ENABLED=y -DCONFIG_NRF_WIFI_PATCHES_EXT_FLASH_STORE=y samples/wifi/shell
    ninja -C build

Programming
-----------

To program the firmware image with the firmware patches stored in the external memory, use the following commands:

With west
^^^^^^^^^

No changes are needed to the programming command:

.. code-block:: console

>     west flash

Author: This automatically erases and writes QSPI memory and works.

With other tools
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

You must use the :file:`merged.hex` file instead of the :file:`zephyr.hex` file to choose the program image explicitly.

For example, for nrfjprog:

.. code-block:: console

>     nrfjprog -f nrf53 -s 0 --program build/zephyr/merged.hex --chiperase --reset

Reviewer 6: This will do nothing to QSPI, so if there is existing data there, you will just end up with corrupt data. You could do a full QSPI erase but who wants to sit around for 2 minutes? So add `--qspisectorerase`

.. _ug_nrf70_developing_fw_patch_ext_flash:

Firmware patches in the external memory
#######################################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

> This guide explains how you can use the nRF70 Series firmware patches in the external memory feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide explains the available options for having the nRF70 Series firmware patches reside in external memory.
```
